What is the relationship between Chen Zongmuzhi and Ge Yangchuan?
Do you know?
What does it matter?
Makinoshi and Song Yangchuan are boyfriend and girlfriend
Don't you know this?
Where'd you hear that?
You can check their school's official website.
Now.
Don't spread rumors until the matter is investigated clearly
Does this still need to be investigated?
High-profile displays of love must be boyfriend and girlfriend without a doubt
I told you.
Don't spread rumors until the matter is investigated clearly
Do your own thing
Otherwise your position should be changed
You think I care about your stinky position
If it weren't for you
I have a good director and heirs waiting
Come here to be bullied
There's no need to go back and be your heir
Anyway, before Mu Zhizhi got out of the group
I'm not going anywhere.
No wonder he sneaked out the door today
Mingming just promised me to meet with each other and will tell me
Why is the door locked today?
Isn't he at home?
It's not too late for me to go back to school now
Don't miss the last bus
Missed again
Miss, do you want a ride?
Where are you going? By the way?
It's so late, there should be no car.
How much does it cost for the master to go to Huazhong University of Finance?
I just happened to pick up my daughter
Let me take you there. It's not easy for students
Good.
Thank you, master, hurry up and get in the car